[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> God, you made me.
From before I was born, you
took me through my life.
You supported me.
You were there with me when
I wasn't there with you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There were times I was
sick and you healed me.
There were times I was in
despair and you gave me hope.
There are times when
I felt betrayed,
and I could still turn to you.
It was a wonderful life.
I loved, and I was loved.
I sang, I heard music.
I saw flowers.
I saw sunrises and sunsets.
Even in places when I was
alone, you, in my heart,
help me turn loneliness
into precious solitude.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I look back over the
panorama of my life, what
a wonderful privilege this was.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I still have some concerns
for people in the family,
for the world, for the planet.
I put them in your
blessed hands.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I trust that whatever in the
web of life that needed me
to be there is now completed.
I thank you for taking
the burden from me.
I thank you for
keeping me in the light
because I let go, and
let go, and let go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And let go.